# Web app for GitHub repositories explorer

This app to display the users list and their repository from github API. With React js typscript generated by vite. Using redux tool-kit for state management.

### Prerequisites :

1. Node v14.18.0. above
2. Formatter `Typescript and Javascript Language Features`
3. env

### How to run:

1. Please clone this repository.
2. Run `yarn`.
3. Run `yarn dev`

### Project Structure

```
src # Source files
└── views           # Page for Ui
└── components      # Component for Ui
└── store           # Redux management
└── utils           # Helper for any logic or interface
```

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn dev`

By default this app will run at `http://localhost:5173/`, the port is generate automatically from vite if port 5173 is used vite will generate different port that we can check in terminal.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

### Styling

Generated with `tailwind css` to easily development with pre-processor to improve the web performance.

## Flow
### Development Flow

This app created with vercel deployment.
1. Checkout new branch with `feat` or `fix` for any feature or bug need to push
2. Commit use `Feat:...` or `Fix:...` for commit message
3. Then create Pull Request to main
4. After merged vercel will deploy latest `main` branch
* if any env that you added, please email to edwindharmawan@gmail.com

